Shakinminami as app uses
Everyone is Mr. Hello live bacteria tv products
Decorate Today is N'Yukiyukiyukiyuki
Yes, this snow is Taiwan's first shaved ice
Normally Dehora I make in the water because that Corey but
Not 's water I'm made with milk and condensed milk This means that undoubtedly delicious disease
You can make sweets representing the Taiwan at home
So such a feeling out from here. Let's open immediately box
Well, I feel like I do not smell the machine and group of shaved ice
Here see if this is I'd like it can be adjusted but I was finely rough in this
Material to use this time issue to go to the mother Chiran a First
Make eyes
This is a condensed milk
Kill and eh This added to the mango milk ice you are ok a this point
It seems to be more fruity orange mango ice
After that was horseback frozen in the freezer Tsu
Yes one day has passed, what happened to milk ice
You
Specific Is the over N over
Yes, I'll drop it in hot water
Ne is
Set in the body
Shot
I could hear the sound
Anymore Once you set the lid on this came out
I will complete it with Gen. Ghan
Ne
Can it be shaved
I do it first
Came out
Diamond car A
Wow check out yes
Please visit Now this sounds great
It worked really well and it is a little different from shaved ice
ー ー ー
Good for next year
Ghat
You will receive
First class to smash
It disappears Oh map Yeah
It's delicious , it's really snow like this
Hmm
Oh this fruit still Unzen this
Just Iiyama Well this Together, milk original taste and condensed milk
Yes this is with mango
It was completely voiced out and became a level when I was in a fruit surprise with Iya- chan. This is Japan.
Eating texture is different from eating ice cream
I think I'm such because they made on whether more more fluffy Oh sky this milk
If you are concerned, please make an open key by all means
8 Neve chu raku Rhy rhythmic life often comes out in the morning, but it is not true recently these days
I want to get up in the morning and go to bed at night, but I also have a lot of work to do
It is quite busy schedule
There are times when it is difficult to manage the same care on regime tv
me
mel
It was security Date Subscribe
My game live channel Channel Fungusi In this channel northwest gold is various game
Play live on the screen If you are viewing from a pc Click this button Smart
phone
Those who can see from the other eat to be outside of this video screen
You can register from the registration button and also update the latest information on northern growth on twitter.
Te has been from time to time update thank you here to be together Follow